This is the data we analyze for the paper. There are 4 worlds:

1) Random: No score is shown, answers are ordered randomly (and we know the order)
2) Social_Influence: Random scores are created (values of 0-100 for 2-answer questions and 0-25 for 8-answer questions), 
   and scores are sorted from highest-to-lowest. Answers are still ordered randomly.
3) Social_Influence_Random: Random scores (unsorted) are created for each answer. Answers are still ordered randomly
4) [Ongoing]: Dynamic_Score: Answers are sorted by popularity (how many times they are chosen the "best"). 
   Scores are equal to the number of workers that chose that answer as the best before the experiment started.

Columns:

1: Experiment #: This is an arbitrary numbering of the cleaned experiments via different batches created on Mechanical Turk. 
   Each experiment listed was fully completed by a unique user.

2: Question #: The question (between 1 and 10). Questions are listed in "/rank2/Questions" on the MySQL database. 
	       Answers are listed in "/rank2/AnswersI", where "I" is "1", "2",...

3: Number of Answers: Number of answers a user sees, e.g., 2 or 8 answers visible.

4: Start Date: Seconds after the user first begins Question 1, e.g., “0”, ”12", or "233".

5: Answer Chosen: Which answer (1-8) is chosen, where answer indices are chronologically ordered based on the original 
		  StackExchange data, e.g., answer "1" was the oldest answer on Stack Exchange's ELL Question, while "8" is
		  the 8th oldest (one of the newest).

6: Answer Order: The order the answers appear to each user, e.g., "2,1" means the 2nd oldest answer was listed at the top
		 of the page, while the oldest answer appears at the bottom of the page.


7: Number of Characters in Each Answer: How many characters (e.g., “a” or “ “) appear in each answer, where values are ordered in the same way as “Answer Order” (column 6) and not by answer index (1 through 2 or 8). We ignore breaks and pictures, but count spaces.

8: Total Experiment Time (Seconds): How long the user took to complete the experiment, i.e., answer all 10 questions (in seconds).

9: Answer Ordering: All answers were ordered either at random (denoted as “random”) or from highest to lowest score (denoted as “ordered by score”). 

10: IP Address: This is the IP Address found via the "REMOTE_ADDRESS" function on php

11-25 (odd numbers): Time Mouse Scrolled Over Answer I (Seconds After Start Time): "Answer I" is used to denote "Answer 1", "Answer 2", etc., where “Answer I” is chronologically ordered.
										    Here we list the timestamps (seconds after the user begins Question 1) 
										    in which a mouse scrolled over an answer paragraph OR check mark

12-26 (even numbers): Time Mouse Moved Away From Answer I (Seconds After Start Time): "Answer I" is used to denote "Answer 1", "Answer 2", etc., where “Answer I” is chronologically ordered.
										    Here we list the timestamps (seconds after the user begins Question 1) 
										    in which a mouse scrolled away outside of an answer paragraph 
										    and check mark.
27: Amazon Worker ID: This is the worker ID Amazon Mechanical Turk uses to distinguish workers, e.g., "A3LMI7ZDFO8JHR".

28: Score: We list the score each answer receives which is a random number between 0-100 (inclusive) for 2 answers, and 0-25 (inclusive) for 8 answers. Each score is independent of all others, and values are ordered in the same way as “Answer Order” (column 6) and not by answer index (1 through 2 or 8)
